We've now got to scene components in our application and we see that we can at least toggle between
which one displays first by changing the order but obviously when the user actually makes use of our
application we're not going to be sitting there next to them manually toggling the scenes.
So we need some fashion to automatically navigate our users between different scenes that we've created.
So let's think about how that's going to work inside of our application in particular.
Well whenever a user enters email and password and logged in successfully chances are we're going to
want to navigate a user over to that employee list.
Right.
Like you log in successfully you expect to see some new content on the screen.
So I say that in our action creators file whenever we hit that user successfully logged in action creator
that's probably when we're going to want to navigate our user over to this different screen.
So that's probably where we're going to want to initiate this navigation process.
So you know open up my action crater's file and I'm going to scroll down to the bottom and locate logon
user success.
OK so right here this is where I want to do my navigation.
So this next part.
Definitely another one of those places where we're going to throw some code on the screen and talk about
what's going on at the top.
I'm going to import actions from re-act native router flux and then back down at the bottom side of
log in user success.
I'm going to find my helper method.
Here it is.
And then right after it I'm going to call actions dot employee the list now without another word.
Let's do a little bit of a test and see what happens.
I mean I'm putting some correct authentication credentials.
So that's going to be my test at test dot com and password and log in and boom I automatically get navigated
over to my employee list.
So clearly something here is happening correctly like it is working the way I expect.
There is just one kind of interesting thing you'll notice that now I've got to back button up here.
And so for some reason I'm able to like navigate back to the sign and sign in form which is now reset
into making the user think that oh hey you haven't signed on yet.
Please log in.
So.
OK it looks like we can navigate between different screens but still something is a little bit off.
And we can navigate back and we definitely really do not want to.
Let's take a second to talk about the code that we actually added in here.
And the first thing I want to point out is we imported this actions object from the re-act need of router
fluxed library.
The second thing I want to point out is that we have this method on here called employee list that seems
awfully coincidental doesn't it.
Like this library has a method called employee list as you might expect.
That is the purpose of this key property right here.
So this is why that key property is so important.
It is what we use as the engineers to navigate around in our application.
If I create a scene with a key component I can navigate to it at any point in time from anywhere in
my code base by just calling actions dot employee list or actions dot loggin you know whatever we might
want to call it.
That's all we have to call and boom will automatically be thrown over there with a nice animation.
The next thing I want to point out to you is that we start to see why using the built in header is so
useful.
So if I log in again
we get navigate over and yes the backbone here does not make sense but I want to at least point out
that we got that back button for free so we didn't have to do anything like you know go into the employee
list component and say oh please show a button up there.
And you know figure out what the last view was and show the by and if anyone clicks on it go back to
that last few.
Let's that's a little bit tedious and we don't really want to do that for every single component.
So by using this built in header we definitely get some good amount of functionality for free even if
it's not something that we necessarily want inside of this case.
All right so let's take a quick break here and figure out what's going on with his back button and how
we're going to disable it when we go between the off screen and the employee lists screen